TDP-3395: Query recordings docs (#273)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/methods/calls/deleteCallsCallIdRecordingsRecordingId.md

{% method %}

## Delete Recording

> Delete a specific recording.

Author: ```suggestion
Delete both the metadata and the media of a specific recording.
```

> Delete both the metadata and the media of a specific recording.

Reviewer: ~specific~

Author: I understand wanting to be brief in the navigation table's description, but I like being explicit here actually.
I do think I prefer this though:
```suggestion
Delete both the metadata and the media of the specified recording.
```

Reviewer: That change is better. I still think it's unnecessary though. Nobody is going to assume you mean that this endpoint deletes some random recording from your account

Author: I don't think they would, but I think that technical writing is the place to be precise and perhaps even unnecessarily unambiguous.

### Request URL

> <code class="post">DELETE</code>`https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/calls/{callId}/recordings/{recordingId}`

Reviewer 2: class=delete

#### Basic Authentication

> Bandwidth's Voice API leverages Basic Authentication with your Dashboard API Credentials. Read more about how Bandwidth secures endpoints in the [Security & Credentials](../../../guides/accountCredentials.md) document.

Reviewer: Confused why this is in here. The other endpoint details don't have this do they?

Author: I think they all have it. Tons of duplicate code :disappointed:

Author: Actually, this was missing from the pause/resume endpoint that was previously merged, so I added it there.

---

### Supported Parameters

| Parameter | Description |
|:----------|:------------|
| None      | None        |

{% common %}

> ### Example: Delete a specific recording

Reviewer: ~specific~
